README.md, before:

# Wallpaper Collection

## Ownership

Here are the image credits that I'm aware of:

- [011.jpg](011.jpg): Photo by [Daniel Leone](https://unsplash.com/@danielleone?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/wallpaper?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText)
- [012.jpg](012.jpg): Photo by [Anders Jildén](https://unsplash.com/@andersjilden?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/wallpaper?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)
- [013.jpg](013.jpg): [Mikael Gustafsson](https://www.instagram.com/mklgustafsson/) (Also he has animated gif)
- [014.jpg](014.jpg): From [GetWallpapers](http://getwallpapers.com/collection/arch-linux-wallpaper)
- [015.jpg](015.jpg): From [GetWallpapers](http://getwallpapers.com/collection/arch-linux-wallpaper)
- [016.jpg](016.jpg): From [GetWallpapers](http://getwallpapers.com/collection/arch-linux-wallpaper)
- [017.jpg](017.jpg): From [WallpaperUp](https://www.wallpaperup.com/469287/MONKEY_ISLAND_adventure_animation_fantasy.html)
- [018.jpg](018.jpg): From [GetWallpapers](http://getwallpapers.com/collection/nuka-cola-girl-wallpaper)
- [019.jpg](019.jpg): From [GetWallpapers](http://getwallpapers.com/collection/nuka-cola-girl-wallpaper)
- [020.jpg](020.jpg): [Thomas Moran](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Moran) - [Fiercely the red sun descending/Burned his way along the heavens](https://ncartmuseum.org/art/detail/fiercely_the_red_sun_descending_burned_his_way_along_the_heavens)
- [021.jpg](021.jpg): [J. M. W. Turner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._M._W._Turner) - [Palazzo ducale](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Joseph_Mallord_William_Turner_094.jpg)

If you find an image hosted in this repository that is yours and of limited use,
please let me know and I will remove it.

If you find an image hosted in this repository and you know the author please
let me know so I can give the proper attribution.

Commit message:

feat: collage generator & filter some wallpapers

README.md, after:

# Wallpaper Collection

**If you find an image hosted in this repository that is yours and of limited use,
please let me know and I will remove it.**

**If you find an image hosted in this repository and you know the author please
let me know so I can give the proper attribution.**

## Ownership

Here are the image credits that I'm aware of:

- [011.jpg](011.jpg): Photo by [Daniel Leone](https://unsplash.com/@danielleone?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/wallpaper?utm_source=unsplash&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=creditCopyText)
- [012.jpg](012.jpg): Photo by [Anders Jildén](https://unsplash.com/@andersjilden?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/wallpaper?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)
- [013.jpg](013.jpg): [Mikael Gustafsson](https://www.instagram.com/mklgustafsson/) (Also he has animated gif)
- [014.jpg](014.jpg): From [GetWallpapers](http://getwallpapers.com/collection/arch-linux-wallpaper)
- [016.jpg](016.jpg): From [GetWallpapers](http://getwallpapers.com/collection/arch-linux-wallpaper)
- [020.jpg](020.jpg): [Thomas Moran](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Moran) - [Fiercely the red sun descending/Burned his way along the heavens](https://ncartmuseum.org/art/detail/fiercely_the_red_sun_descending_burned_his_way_along_the_heavens)
- [021.jpg](021.jpg): [J. M. W. Turner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._M._W._Turner) - [Palazzo ducale](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Joseph_Mallord_William_Turner_094.jpg)

## Collage

![all.png](all.png)

The collage is generated with [imagemagick](https://imagemagick.org/) and the script `generate_collage.sh`.
